Ah, hello, Are you okay?
Don't worry, that was just an insignificant crow.
It doesn't matter.
No, no, no, no, no! of course not.
Ah, actually, there's more to the matter than just a brief conversation.
But to put it briefly, I am dead.
Shall we walk...?
Please...
My name is enyma.
I was killed by someone whom I don't know, i'm in pain in here.
And now i'm trying to find him and reborn again, i want to escape.
No not me. its impossible. true...
But you know gods can save us, i'm not a god.
But you can be. your bloodline is from a messenger of god?
I want you to help me, If you become a god, you can save me..
I will find you some weak and bad people, i can help you.
And you will be invincible and valuable.
just give me some minute you will understand that you should want to help.
You can get more blood in your body than anyone else.
oh, ah, ok...
Yes.
What?
Ohh, we will find some messenger's items.
Yes But, i want to try something?
There is a old commander named rime, i found him and he have a knife, can you get it?
Look i'm suffering, please just trust me, be the first, you won't kill anyone just steal.
Yes, Let's go there, Thank you.
Stop Grat!
Ohh, you got it, you got the knife!
No...
No, i don't...
Grat, i didn't do anything. I wasn't there...
I'm alone Grat. everyone left me. no one loved me...
I'm just trying to be in the world again and,
i thought that maybe you or someone else can love and protect me...
I'm just a dead soul. You don't need care me.
But please just know that, i won't hurt you. never!
I'm trying to protect you from yourself.
Please trust me.
I
Wasn't there...
Gratias...
This is a dream, my love...
Wake up!
Continue and move forward, I'm there...
I'm waiting for you...
Wake up, baby...
You don't need to Grat...
Why did you kill them!
Hi!
Did you find my letter?
What! really?
I had worked so hard for it...
I had written a few words for you, maybe you'll be happy to read them...
Thank you...
Ah, actually, yes, there's an old woman from the Magna Members...
She stole a pair of gloves and made good money as a result
But she couldn't bear it and ended up killing the person she sold it to and taking the gloves back
And bam... She had become acquainted with the pleasure of killing...
And now she sits at home with that glove, and sometimes goes out to slaughter innocent people
Of course, we won't kill her. I just want the gloves...
Don't talk foolishly, Let's go...
