Hi, Pulchra.
Ohh, What a dream... and what, again the lights?...
Of Course Mom!
There are days left until I leave,
but my mother still wakes me up in the morning and makes me do my jobs.
I wonder what she will do when I'm gone.
Does she really love me,
I wonder?
Of course mom?
Ah,
I love most of my siblings, except for one.
especially my little Zamy.
But that damn Alba Magna, a classic pain in the ass.
Those sons of bitches have been bothering us for years.
War is imminent.
Fucking Crows!
What?
What Have I Done?
No, no!
I killed a crow, a innocent crow...
Oh, Fuck. it's dead...
Dead and unprotectable.
Now it can't escape from anyone.
example me, I can do what ever i want with it.
I can love it forever.
I have its body.
I have Its flesh.
I have Its bones.
I have Its beak.
I have Its eyes.
eyes like glass, feather like sea...














Wh-Who are you?
You are her, the girl from my dream and thoughts. But how?
Am I going crazy, are those thoughts were symptoms?
What?
O-okay, if you want.
...
What? reborning? Are you crazy?
Gods, but Wh-?
Yes from the Noctis, but do you want me to kill someone?
I don't think i can help you?
No i won't, a voice inside me sings you like a part of myself. but I do not know you...?
-how beauty can be this powerful- No, no i'm sorry i mean if i can be a god,
then i can get what ever i want. right?
-How could it get any more beautiful...-
what, no, nothing just curious about how can i kill them?
Ok but you mean we will steal?
Ah, i'm not ready to kill anyone.
Ok? That's not very hard i guess, just steal some old man's item -what am i saying?-
Why we are here?
This is just an old, sleeping, pitiful man.
Where are the knife, where is the blood?
No enyma, I can't do that.
He's innocent. 
and where am I?
No, it's not right!
What, what have you done?
What is this?
Heart imitators, actually their systems are very interesting
Putting glowing bloodwave leftists in little cages and pumping bloodwaves at them with these imitators.
And then the leftists, fed by bloodwaves, shine through it.
And because the bloodwave is pumped to the whole house, the whole house is bright.
Oh what am I talking about.
Finish this fulling and go.
...
...
...
Actually, when you think about it, it's criminal to put leftists, those little creatures in a cage.
Or is it?
It's just a light tool that isn't even very clever.
it has no other function.
it is the same as if its death and life, but that cage and enough food for him make him valuable.
It gives us happiness and comfort when they are in that cage.
The cage makes it valuable.
Alright?
Is this just about leftists?
what if human-...
Anyway, I shouldn't talk more, these thoughts are getting worse.
...
...
...
At last, the lights are back on.
Sometimes thoughts similar to the ones before come to my mind.
I'm not entirely sure, but I think I should get rid of them.
What the fuck just happened?
What have you done. You did it!
You cursed psycho, you did it!
Shut the fuck up, i don't want to kill anyone.
I don't understand many things, but for some reason, I love eny, she...
Sometimes, certain people enter your life and make you feel like the master of the world
Sometimes, you feel like you would give up your own life just for a single strand of their hair
I don't know, it's only been three days, but I feel like I've been carrying her inside me for years
It's as if their lips are the water I drink every day, and I feel like I'm with her every day
Maybe she is deceiving me, but I love her
Once my heart is buried in her eyes, I want to destroy those who want to resurrect me.
Ahh, no why?
What?
Ohh, eny... Ok, i know it
Never mind its complicated
-Why did she named it Nakah, What the fuck?-
Ah, well, never mind, just someone unimportant, just a friend...
What is it?
What?
Is my father coming?
When?
Is he coming to see me?
Alright, I'll take care of it my lovely mother.
When exactly will my father come?
Goodbye, father...
Show your strength to everyone in the place you're going, please... for me...
But please, don't harm anyone, okay?
I love you, dad. Fix those bad people in the place you're going...
Hello, little bird.
I have bad news for you.
I know you know about my father; I told you. He had gone to war...
Like almost everyone in our family, he was a soldier too.
I used to think that he didn't kill anyone, just chased them away from the country
It's my turn now, little bird...
The country is under attack, and they're taking everyone over fourteen years old...
They're going to take me too.
I have only fifteen days left...
Maybe I'll find someone there, fall in love...
A nurse, a cook...
Anyway, what are you doing...
Did you find your love?
My guess is that you're alone like me...
It's okay, we have each other.
...
I love you too enyma...
Ah, the rats...
I will kill them and get the key from them!
For you babe, I did everything for only you...
Let's go to bath and open the cellar
I was supposed to kill them, right?
why our cellar is in the Back of Bathroom?
Hi!
Oh, I actually found a torn piece of paper
Is that so?
I need your voice, not a note, for me to be happy...
So, What brings you here?
Alright, what are we going to do about her?
I would do anything for you, you know that...
but, but can i get one kis-...
