Start The Demo
Options
Info
Credits
Quit
Trust, like a fragile vase, should be handled with care, for even the most solid bond may crack under the weight of full belief.
Language
Creator Mode
There is no copyrighted content in the game, you can safely publish it...
Main Sound
Options
Hello, I'm Can Kaan, currently attending high school, and 16 years ago, I was given the name Can Kaan as a male individual. This game is a demo based on a very small part of a quite extensive story that I've been writing for about 4 years now. That was a bit lengthy, I know. Anyway, I started this game with a friend of mine who lives in Izmir. I had done some things before they came along, but when she joined, I became quite attached to this game. For those who are curious about the storyline of the game, it revolves around Gratias, a young person with an interesting life who falls in love with a girl, and so on... I definitely want to express my gratitude to that friend from Izmir, even if she didn't notice, simply because we came up with some intriguing designs, I felt compelled to finish this game. And of course, I thank all the testers as well. Let me think a bit... Oh, and I also want to thank my bald, slightly tall, cunning friend who constantly criticized the game. I didn't add any of the things they suggested to the game. It's still a demo, so contributions through Kickstarter or similar platforms would be greatly appreciated and would help a lot. If there are any investors out there, please reach out to me. Oh, and if there are any sketch artists, digital tablet artists, or oil painting creators – in short, anyone involved in art – please get in touch, as I'm in need of assistance. That's probably it. To the intelligent friend who read this all the way to the end, thank you very much as well. Enjoy the game...
Info
Finish
This is a demo and may not be directly related to the original version of the game. There will be a voiceover in the full version of the game. Good Games... You will use e key to continue the conversation or text
Continue
Back
Retry
Finish